hey guys going on Chris Tiki the self
here and today you know what I just woke
up and I was like hey you know what I
want to do today on a voice all of the
yordles so that's what I'm gonna do
anyway without further ado let's get
started we're gonna start off with a moo
moo let's be friends forever where are
you going quirky I'm up to snuff and
gots me a nice machine heimerdinger yes
yes hurry we've got important work to
get back to raise your dog nurse Lulu
yup that tasted purple papi let me
demonstrate him or diplomacy poppies not
that good rumble it's time for a bindle
City beat down teemo captain teemo one
duty never underestimate the power of
the scouts code size doesn't mean
everything tristana is that a whoa that
was it does wrong one is that a rocket
in your pocket whoa veigar is that a
short joke I am evil stop laughing
Zing's this will be a blast hmm fire no
huh Kenan I am the wind yes yes yes I'm
not the good kind of kneeler either just
some extra ones that I wanted to do
alastar you mess with the bull you get
the horns you can't milk those you can't
make those Annie you smell like burning
beaten by a little girl haha have you
seen my pear tubers alright that's
enough well now
that my masculinity has been properly
measured i hope you guys enjoyed and
I'll see you in future videos peace out
let me know how I did and like if you
enjoyed and tell me which ones I did the
best which ones I sucked at